dev server hints if `paths.base` prefix is missing; `--open` uses `paths.base` (#4510)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/lovely-hairs-applaud.md

---
'@sveltejs/kit': patch
---

> Add missing paths.base prefix in dev, if necessary

Author: ```suggestion
Hint if `paths.base` is missing in dev
```
